Diploma in Horticulture
Diploma in Animal Science and Technology
Diploma in Dairy Technology
Diploma in Farm Resource Management
Diploma in Library and Information Science
Diploma in Human Resources Management
Diploma in Procurement and Supplies Management
Diploma in Business Management
Diploma in Agricultural Education & Extension
Diploma in Education (Primary)
Diploma in Education (Secondary)
Diploma in Eco-tourism and Hospitality Management
Diploma in Dryland Resources Management
Diploma in Computer Science
Diploma in Modern Chemistry Laboratory Technology
Diploma in Gender, Women and Development Studies
B.Sc. in Agriculture
B.Sc. in Dairy Technology and Management
B.Sc. in Food Science and Technology
B.Sc. in Horticulture
Bachelor of Agribusiness Management
B.Sc. in Agricultural Economics
B.Sc. in Animal Sciences
B.Sc. in Soil Environment and Land Use Management
Bachelor of Arts (BA)
BA in History
BA in History and International Studies
BA in Communication & Media
Bachelor of Library and Information Studies
BSc in Economics and Statistics
BSc in Criminology and Security Studies
BA in Economics and History
BA in Economics & Sociology
BA in Sociology and Religious Studies
Bachelor of Laws
BA in Peace Education
BA in Kiswahili and Communication
BA in English and Communication
Bachelor of Commerce
Bachelor of Business and Management
Bachelor of Purchasing and Supplies Management
Bachelor of Cooperative Management
Bachelor of Entrepreneurship and Small Business Management
Bachelor of Business Information and Management
B.Ed. (Arts);
B.Ed. (Early Childhood Development & Education)
B.Ed. (Primary)
B.Ed. (Science)
Bachelor of Psychology
B.Sc. (Agricultural Education and Extension)
B.Sc. (Agriculture and Human Ecology Extension)
B.Sc. (Clothing, Textiles and Interior Design)
B.Sc. (Community Development)
BSc. in Water and Environment Engineering
Bachelor of Technology in Civil Engineering
BSc. in Agricultural Engineering
BSc. in Manufacturing Engineering and Technology
Bachelor of Industrial Technology
BSc. in Instrumentation and Control Engineering
B.Sc. in Environmental Science
B.Sc. in Geography
B.Sc. in Ecotourism and Hospitality management
Bachelor of Catering and Hotel Management
B. Sc. in Natural Resources Management
B.Sc. in Integrated Forest Resources Management
B. Sc. in Wildlife Enterprise and Management
B.Sc. in Dryland Resources Management
Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery
Bachelor of Science In Nursing (In-Service)
Bachelor of Science In Nursing (Pre-Service)
Bachelor of Science in Foods, Nutrition & Dietetics
Bachelor of Science In Clinical Medicine & Surgery (In-Service)
Bachelor of Science In Clinical Medicine & Surgery (Pre-Service)
Bachelor of Science (BSc.)
B.Sc. in Applied Aquatic Sciences
B.Sc. in Applied Computer Science
B.Sc. in Computer Science
B.Sc. in Software Engineering
B.Sc. in Biochemistry
B.Sc. in Biomedical Science and Technology
B.Sc. in Statistics
B.Sc. in Actuarial Science
Egerton University Courses Offered
BA in Gender, Women and Development Studies
Bachelor of Military Science
